[singing in Japanese]
[narrator] Nadia was
captured by Gargoyle,
the leader of the nefarious
organization, Neo Atlantis.
While Jean tried desperately
to find her
in the vast dark kingdom.
Under Gargoyle's
inhuman questioning,
Nadia confessed that Jean was
in possession of the Blue Water.
She learned from
her interrogator
that the Neo Atlanteans
had constructed
a terrible new weapon
called The Tower of Babel
and witnessed the demonstration
of its hideous power.
Our heroes watched as the weapon
destroyed an entire island.
Will the devil's light destroy
the secret of Blue Water?
[explosion]
[Electra] Captain Nemo.
Hmm?
We've traced the origin of
the beam to Sector SP03, RP40.
Excellent work.
-Set a direct course to it.
-Yes, sir.
Prepare to submerge and
bring engines to maximum speed
on the double!
Course coordinates determined.
Commencing dive protocol.
Four ballast tanks opened.
Engines are viable.
Propulsion Systems engaged.
[Electra] Ballast tanks
at full.
Swift dive progressing.
[beeping]
[Electra] All
systems operational.
Nautilus has
attained the target depth.
[Electra] Return
ship to level position.
[Nemo] Gargoyle,
you've harnessed the power of
the artificial Orihalcon.
You have wrenched the lid
from Pandora's Box.
[tense music playing]
[applause]
[Gargoyle] Extraordinary.
We have achieved what
the builders
of the first tower
of Babel could not.
We have
reached the throne of God.
[tech] The tower's internal
pressure has returned to normal.
[tech 1] Power transmission
systems operating normally.
[tech 2] Electron accelerator
operating normally.
[tech 3] Memory
programs are viable.
[tech] All systems
are operating normally, sir.
[Gargoyle] Reset test circuitry.
[tech 1]
Resetting test circuitry.
[tech 2] Recovering programs
responding normally.
[whirring]
[cracks]
[groaning]
Ow! I hope
that won't happen again.
Are you still alive, Hanson?
Oh, I don't think so.
I thought I saw a light beam
shoot out of that stone block.
It's a lightning bolt.
[both scream]
Got you.
How about you tell
us where the girl is?
[Grandis] Now, now.
Dear boy, we don't want the girl
as much as we want
the Blue Water.
Oh, Nadia still has it.
And those
soldiers still have Nadia.
-That's just great!
-Oh, come on.
[Gargoyle] Once we take
care of Nemo and this Nautilus,
we will have everything
we need to rise again.
You will be my special guest
until the submarine lies rusting
at the bottom of the sea.
Stubborn child,
you must remember...
the lives of Marie and your lion
depend on your manners
while you're here.
One more thing,
I believe you're going to see
your boyfriend again very soon,
though he may not be as lively
as he was before.
[Sanson] Miss Granva,
what do we do now?
Well, Jean, what do you say
we join forces for a while?
Forces?
It'll be an all for one and one
for all partnership
until we leave the island.
[both] Huh?
Hmm.
But I...
You have nothing to worry about.
We'll keep
our hands off the Blue Water.
-Huh?
-We'll postpone our quest
for the jewel
until Nadia is free.
How about it?
Maybe.
But they may have taken it
from her by now.
Then, the four of us will just
have to get it back from them.
[chuckles] Good.
It looks like
we have a new partner.
-Let's get out of here.
-[both] Yes, Miss Granva!
Look at that.
Whatever could it be?
Well, I think it's
a submarine portal.
We can see it now
because the tide is low.
Hah.
I'm willing
to bet that the Gratan
could easily fit
through that big opening.
The Gratan?
Yes.
The Grandis Tank
or Gratan for short.
It's my own
incredible invention.
Ah.
Unfortunately, I didn't
design it to operate underwater.
Fool!
What did you do that for?
I christened that vehicle
with a beautiful name Katherine.
Why do you insist
on calling it the Gratan?!
So, this Gratan--I mean, where
can we find this Katherine?
Well, it took on some heavy
damage from the battleship,
so I hid it in the forest where
I don't think they can find it.
Hmm.
I see.
Hanson, go get it.
You're such a genius.
You can fix it right away.
I am a genius.
Hmm.
But, ma'am,
this might be too difficult even
for the Gra--Katherine.
-Why?
-Just look around.
They have the entire complex
sewed up tight
with armed sentries
guarding every square inch.
They won't overlook something
as conspicuous as the Katherine.
You always see
the negative side of everything.
Why can't you be real men?
[both] We're doing
the very best that we can.
[Jean] What is that?
That's the water intake point
for the power plant.
-[gasps]
-How do they use the water?
A thermo-electric plant
turns water into steam,
which powers the turbines
that make electricity.
Oh.
So, if the water is cut off.
[all] [gasp] A blackout!
[classical music playing]
[Gargoyle]
Aren't these exquisite?
Take a long look
at these marvelous works of art.
They were all created by
the people of Atlantis
over 12,000 years ago.
They were superior in the arts
as well as the sciences.
This achievement is something
that humans
could only hope to duplicate.
Do you find my discourse
on the arts difficult to follow?
[soldier] Sir, I have news.
[Gargoyle] Yes?
The boy has yet to be found.
However, I have increased
the patrols,
so he can't elude us for long.
-And...
-[Gargoyle] And what?
I regret to report
that the three other prisoners
have escaped.
[Gargoyle] I see.
Not to worry.
Nadia, you're going to assist us
sooner than I expected.
What's his name?
I am asking
you for the boy's name.
Remember what I told you,
you're responsible
for whatever happens to them.
Can you remember his name?
Jean.
Jean Rocque Raltique.
[sirens wailing]
[Gargoyle] Jean Rocque Raltique,
can you hear this?
Surrender yourself
quietly and peacefully.
It is the only way you can
save the lives of Nadia
and her friends.
I repeat.
Jean Rocque Raltique,
surrender yourself immediately.
[scoffs] What a dastardly trick.
Hurry up!
We don't have much time.
Right.
Don't be so
hard on yourself, kid.
[Jean] I'm not.
Go.
-[all gasp]
-[whirring]
[all scream]
[gasps] Sanson?
[laughs]
Oh, this is outrageous.
[grunting]
[Grandis] Impact.
[groaning]
Whoops.
Does anyone want to
go to a costume party?
How did...
[chuckles]
He was no match for me.
Now, we need to
get one more uniform.
[both] Right.
-Sanson?
-Hmm?
Uh, thanks a lot.
Hmm. Yeah.
You need to learn
to take care of yourself, kid.
[chuckles]
[footsteps approaching]
[Gargoyle] How
are you feeling, Nadia?
How do you think I feel?
[Gargoyle] I must admit
that I don't like going to such
extremes.
But we can't afford to waste
any more time on this matter.
Certainly,
you can understand that.
Use me as you will,
but please, let them go.
[Gargoyle] Do you really believe
any of you will be
released, Nadia?
Once you've served my purpose,
you will all die one by one.
But I'll save you for last,
so the more of them we catch,
the longer you'll live.
Monster!
You're not human!
[Gargoyle] Exactly.
I'm so pleased you're finally
starting to understand.
[laughs]
[all] Heave, heave, heave, ho!
[all panting]
That will do it.
Their water supply
is completely cut off.
Uh-hmm.
Very soon the boiler will start
to overheat and then...
Wham!
[Gargoyle] Jean Rocque Raltique.
Hmm?
[Gargoyle]
I will wait one more hour.
If you refuse to
present yourself to me,
I will see to it that the baby
lion departs this world
in a particularly
dreadful manner.
So, are you ready
to show him a thing or two?
Uh-hmm.
Good.
Let's go.
♪ The Secret Blue Water
[knock on door]
[Gargoyle] Enter.
Jean Rocque Raltique
has surrendered, sir.
[Gargoyle] Excellent.
Bring him to the main hall.
[guard] Understood!
He's a brave lad.
Perhaps it is love that has
given him such strength.
[dramatic music playing]
[Gargoyle] Welcome,
Jean Rocque Raltique.
I want to see Nadia!
No, Jean.
[Gargoyle] Now, Jean,
tell me where the Blue Water is.
Nadia already told us
that she gave it to you.
I will trade you the freedom
of your friends for it.
I think that's quite a bargain.
No! Don't tell!
I won't!
[Gargoyle] Hmm?
How do I know that
you won't kill us all
as soon as I tell you?!
Send your soldiers away
and release my friends first,
-or I'll tell you nothing!
-Jean.
[Gargoyle] Hmm, fair enough.
-[Grandis] Jean?
-Hmm?
[Grandis] Have you had the
Blue Water all this time?
Um, yes.
I'm sorry that I lied to you.
[Sanson] Hmm,
outsmarted by a little boy.
[Grandis] What
difference does it make now?
Besides I hate these thugs
more than the children.
[Gargoyle] Now, Jean,
keep your end of our deal.
[Grandis]
That won't be necessary!
Huh?
Grandis.
Set Nadia free or we'll make
you regret the consequences!
[Gargoyle] I'm
not so sure about that.
[gun clicks] Oh?
Then you should know
that I'm an excellent shot.
[Gargoyle] Well,
what's stopping you?
-Right!
-[gunshot]
Huh?
[gunshots]
How did he?
A shield of textite
surrounds me, you see?
Those bullets never had
a chance of penetrating it.
Now, you're being smart.
For the last time,
where is the Blue Water?
-[electricity crackles]
-[gasps]
[Gargoyle] Hmm?
-[explosions]
-[indistinct chatter]
-[alarm ringing]
-[commander] What? What is this?
[soldier] It's the power
plant, sir, it's blown up!
[commander] Impossible!
[explosion]
Hanson!
[commander]
They have an accomplice.
-Am I late?
-Perfect timing!
[gunshots]
[soldier 1] Stop
firing, watch out.
[soldier 2] Are you mad?
[commander] Hold your fire,
you fool!
You'll only hit each other!
[soldier 3] Emergency
power has been activated.
[commander] Good.
What?!
Blast.
-[soldier] Look, commander.
-[commander] Huh.
How?
Find them!
[upbeat music playing]
No!
Good-bye now! Adios, sayonara!
[commander] After them!
-Don't let them get away!
-[soldier] Understood.
[explosions]
[commander] [grunts]
Deploy the tracking robot tank.
They won't be able
to escape that.
[soldier] Understood!
[Sanson laughs]
This Gargoyle may be a clever
fellow but he'll never catch us
with me behind
the wheel of the Katherine!
Is he always like this?
-Yes.
-Uh-hmm.
Let me go! [gasps]
[horn honking]
What's that?
Oh, someone wants
to tangle with Sanson.
Come on, come on.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah. [laughs]
Get out of the way! [laughing]
Huh?
Okay.
How about this?
[explosions]
[all scream]
Not so fast.
I can handle this.
Oh!
[screams]
Stop, I've had enough!
[laughs maniacally]
Well, one more time.
[explosion]
[rings]
Huh?
Hey.
The lake,
drive it into the lake!
You got it!
[tires screeching]
Now switching to nautical mode.
[dramatic music playing]
We'll make our getaway through
the intake point.
My thought exactly. Huh?
So, another one.
[explosions]
[gunshots]
[screams]
[soldier] Cease your foolish
resistance and halt your craft
or we will blast
you out of the water.
Yeah. We better do as he says.
[sighs]
Oh.
We were so close.
[dramatic music playing]
What could that be?
The Nautilus!
[Gargoyle] What was that?
The Nautilus?
How did it get
in here undetected?
[soldier] I'm sorry, sir.
[Gargoyle] Incompetent fools.
Prepare the tower for firing.
Target the Nautilus.
[soldier] But, Lord Gargoyle,
the power plant has been
destroyed.
We only have three percent power
and all our circuitry has been--
[Gargoyle]
Don't give me excuses.
Concentrate all the power we
have on that infernal machine.
[explosions]
How?
That was pretty close.
Well, what do you say
we leave this island?
-Right.
I'm going to go
bring Nadia down.
[gunshots]
[dramatic music playing]
The Garfish has ceased fire.
Begin the second
phase of attack.
[explosions]
A barrier?
[Gargoyle] Exactly.
[tech 1] All
circuits are viable.
Pressure is normal.
[tech 2] Power
output is up to 3.2%.
[tech 3]
Target Nautilus is locked.
[tech 4] Thirty
seconds to firing.
[suspenseful music playing]
You're insane.
You can't use the Tower in here.
[Gargoyle] Farewell to
you, Nemo, and your Nautilus.
Emergency dive on the double.
[tech 4] Ten seconds to firing.
Eight, seven, six, five,
four, three, two, one.
[cracks, shatters]
[explosions]
[soldier] It's all gone.
The compound, the tower,
all that work is destroyed.
[Gargoyle] It doesn't matter.
Better it be destroyed than
to let Nemo discover our secret.
[soldier] But... But, sir.
[Gargoyle] What concerns me
is finding out who allowed
a small group of children
and criminals on to the island,
and allowed them to
obliterate it?
[soldier] Sir, that's--
[Gargoyle] You must pay the
ultimate price for your errors.
[screaming]
[Gargoyle] Foolish human beings.
Oh right.
I have something
for you, Nadia.
Hmm?
Thank you, Jean,
you came and saved us.
Thank you again.
[laughs]
I'm just glad
everyone is safe and sound.
[laughs]
[both] You know,
we didn't make out so well.
[dramatic music playing]
The Nautilus, Nemo,
Gargoyle,
and the Neo Atlanteans.
What in the world
could they really be?
[dramatic music playing]
[singing in Japanese]